All right, design best practices.
I think we've talked about this a little
bit, but we didn't get into it as much.
But design best practices,
typography, white space.
Color theory,
knowing the colors you're gonna use and
they don't really clash well,
things of that nature.
It's very important to make sure that it's
user friendly and visually appealing.
That handles user two, or gatekeeper two.
Those tools,
those practices is what's gonna keep
the HR from either bringing
you to the next level or not.
Cuz HR, they may not have
a technical background, but
they know an ugly sight when they see it.
You don't have to be a expert to know,
yo, this is hideous and
I don't want to make
anyone else look at it.
I have a saying that
the only people who look and
use the ugly websites are developers.
And then anybody tells me I'm full of it,
I show them Hacker News and
Stack Overflow, and I'm like.
>> Yes, these all are trash
websites that developers only use.
So only people that use ugly websites
are developers, and I stand by that.
Everybody else,
they want their websites to look pretty.
So make sure that you use
design best practices.
Now this isn't a mandatory one,
this will greatly help you though,
which is using a database,
particularly if you wanna use a blog.
Now I know there's a lot of
serverless blog options available.
However, they also don't give you
the level of challenge then when it
comes gonna let someone like
automatically respect the blog.
I know blogs just be out there for
information, it's cool.
However, when you're dealing with
an older, more senior dev that's trying to
look at your job,
you're like you use the database.
That's old school, I kinda like that.
All right, you actually went through
the hard work of figuring out SQL.
And doing that, or for me,
I learned SQL and I learned Postgres
because I learned that DARPA had
funded part of creating Postgres.
I'm interested in using Postgres because
I know that has military history
that combined to it.
So that is what I want it to do,
and that is literally what
all the things that would have
motivated me from using Postgres.
I highly recommend that,
while it's not mandatory,
if you use a blog you use SQL as a way for
the storage mechanism of it.
So that way you can talk about
that in your interviews.
Yes, sir.
>> For the database stuff,
do you recommend a cloud
provider like PlanetScale or
Supeabase, or would you just wanna use-
>> If you're between the two of them
you just said, I recommend PlanetScale.
So Planet Scale seems, everybody,
all the kids seem to love
PlaneScale from what I've heard.
It seems pretty affordable too,
which is very important when
it comes to storage of data.
So between the two you said,
I'll say PlanetScale.
>> Do you think it'd be better to just
write it, spin it up yourself though, and
not use one of those providers?
>> Why would you do that?
>> I don't know.
>> Only to prove that you can.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, if you like crying, sure.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I mean, everybody needs a good cry,
go for it, I don't care.